all right what's going on Katie fansite
fans Clint Novak checking in from the
Doswell Road cheap seats here as you can
see multiple things going on we just
happen to find this forklift playing
around with this number 24 car back from
the Days of Thunder days here at Kings
Dominion the cars been back here in
storage for many many years there's
actually another one over here
51 so obviously they're doing something
with that not only that but in the
background Intimidator 305 first trains
on the coaster and they are mean see if
we can get focus here geez
all right they are pulling it through a
big thing that's on the front of the car
is basically the measurement of where
your hands could possibly reach well on
the ride so they pull that through to
make sure that you're not hitting
anything or doing anything and pull
through snore Mele our very slow process
they take the car and it goes very
slowly through the track as I can't just
go up and release it and let it go
through in the off chance that something
wasn't measured correctly or something
you know isn't set in the right on the
money train itself and that would damage
the ride and the Train further so what
they have to do is they have to pull it
very slowly through to make sure that
all the measurements are correct
actually a good example of this than
just letting it go would be the Hard
Rock Park slash freestyle music Park the
premiere ride maximum rpms they did that
on that one and a break Finn wasn't
measured correctly and it ended up
making some sparks big bang and and they
had to go back to the drawing board on
that and that's one of the things that
delayed the opening of the ride was not
doing a proper pull through but a ride
this I should definitely want to make
sure you pull it through properly and as
you can see this is as close as the
camera gets I don't see any restraints
on the ride I can't tell what's going on
and I am moving the weekend before today
I'm actually going out on the roads all
right we have been sitting here for a
good 15 20 minutes the train is still
not moved at all from its original spot
one thing I did notice though is you can
see right there in the break the cable
is on the lift hill now that is the
cable lift now the train itself right
now in the mode it's in is not attached
to the ketch car or the cable that will
be used for the lift hill operations
it's attached to pull these other
pulleys and cables and all that stuff to
get it down the hill and we are just
waiting patiently to see any kind of
movement from the train itself they did
that they didn't take away that NASCAR
car the Days of Thunder car it's gone
now forklift still there they drove off
into the wilderness there with the car
oh my god oh my god we see the Train we
see the Train it's moving can he see
restraints
Oh
all right we are coming approaching an
hour of standing here watching this
thing to you absolutely nothing no one's
at the top of the lift Hill anymore they
all walk down the forklift right now is
lifting what we think is a kodak car
yep kodak they just moved a mellow
yellow one and we think they moved the
mellow yellow one to get to that one
they don't have a trailer back here
anymore
trailer is gone but so that's they they
took they took one away
I forget what one it was but they took
that then there's a mellow yellow who's
that one then there's that one that's a
mountain Dew car but they have to move a
lot of cars to get to that one naari
ladies and gents I am heading home the
Sun is going down on this beautiful day
here at Kings Dominion and just two
quick check ups one the car the kodak
car that was moved was moved right there
behind the amphitheatre and to there
there's a lot of big equipment
underneath the tracks of volcano over
here not big equipment but just like
lifts and stuff like that so I don't
know if they're doing something to
volcano over there I know you can't see
through the trees but just thought I'd
let you know alright that does it for
the check-ins we'll talk to you guys on
the Midway
you